They go 
yearmonth-divvy-tripdata
202001-divvy-tripdata = year: 2020 month: january or 01

Data Project Log:
Guiding Question - How to convert the casual user to memberships?

Cyclistic's data comes from the internal data from Motivate International Inc for public data
THis data should be quite reliable since it is highly unlikely that Motivate International Inc 
would sabatage its own data, and could reduce the confidence of the stakeholders.
 - the data will be downloaded through each zip file in a month to month package
	- 14 months of data will be downloaded for the purposes of this project
 - to verify the data that is possible there shouldn't be large changes in the longitude and latitude from end to end
   both of which should fall within the Chicago city area.

- to address the inconsistencies of the data such at a missing endpoint with longitude and latitude then these points will
be removed. There is no feasible method to collect the missing data, and after the preliminary veiwing the data
this section does not compose of a significant portion of the data. Therefore there should be a minimal impact towards the
end result after removing these entries.  

Sampling must be taken given that the datasets for each month are too large and even entering them into the R markdown
would take a significant amount of time with possibility of crashing.

As for the sampling size taken I have decided to take an arbitary 10000 entries from each month from a randomized list of the data
to randomize the data a RAND() function was called for each row element of the csv. THen the random column was sorted smallest to largest
Afterward that column is remove to preserve the value of the dataset.

While attempting to sort from smallest to largest of the random values I believe the sorting algorithm of the spreadsheet broke.
It kinda just rearranged the rows of the file to be anywhere, and honestly that result might be better given the purpose of
creating a sample.
